rename connectors guide (#1206)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/guides/introduction-to-camunda-platform-8.md

- [Set up your first development project](./setting-up-development-project.md) - Set up your first project to model, deploy, and start a process instance.
- [Set up client connection credentials](./setup-client-connection-credentials.md) - Create, name, and connect your client.
- [Automate a process using BPMN](./automating-a-process-using-bpmn.md) - Learn more about the mechanics and elements of BPMN, and build your first BPMN diagram.

> - [Implement connectors](./configuring-out-of-the-box-connectors.md) - Automate complex business processes by inserting them into BPMN diagrams within Web Modeler.

Reviewer: Why not
```suggestion
- [Configuring an out-of-the-box connector](./configuring-out-of-the-box-connectors.md) - Automate complex business processes by inserting them into BPMN diagrams within Web Modeler.
```

Author: Nice catch. Adjusting in commit.
